Update README.md (#6)
elliotfontaine/awesome-cylc: README.md

- **[7] [eWaterCycle](https://github.com/eWaterCycle/ewatercycle-forecast)** - Workflow of the [eWaterCycle](https://www.ewatercycle.org/) forecasting system.

## Workflow Design Patterns

> - **[8] [Hilary's Data Driven Workflow example](https://github.com/hjoliver/cylc-and-data)** - A simple example to illustrate the relationship between Cylc workflows and the data they process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **[8] [Data in Cylc Workflows](https://github.com/hjoliver/cylc-and-data)** - A simple example to illustrate the relationship between Cylc workflows and the data they process.
```
(it's not really a "data-driven" example in the usual sense of that term)
(however, there's already a link to an actual file-driven example - snakemake-like - on this page)
